Level:        Coastal Islands
Author:       Laser777
E-mail:       Drose@ix.netcom.com
Date:         12/1/96
Build time:   One day
Setting:      Snow
Size:         96 x 96
Money:        $717515
Designed for: up to 8 players
Description:  A map with mainland, 2 main islands, and 1 ore island.
	      There is a treasure island with just gemstones but there is no 
	      way to get to it except a water transport, so if you want the
	      big bucks, you gotta work for them.  There is not really much
	      ore on the map so 8 player doesn't work to well, but less 
	      players seem to work just fine.  Some starting points are in
	      good defensive positions, others are in good offensive 
	      positions, but none have both.  Most bases have access to the
	      water for naval yards and sub pens but some don't.  This map 
	      requires harv guards as well because once you use up the ore
	      around your base, you will have to travel to get more.	
Instructions: I figured I'd put this in so I don't get e-mails sayin "How
	      do I use your map?"  To use the map just unzip it in your
	      Redalert directory, then once in game when you have a choice
	      of what level you want, just scroll down until you see the map.
	      Pick the map, and any other options you want and you're off.
Known Bugs:   No known bugs as of yet, but I haven't tested it that much.
	      Only tested it with skirmish battles so far, but will be 
	      testing with a human soon.
Note:         This was my first try ever at creating a map so I want some
	      response e-mail telling me what you like and don't like, so 
	      please write me, it will only take you a couple minutes.  And
	      just think, you will get better maps when you do write me 
	      because I plan on creating many more.
Shout out:    I'd like to say hey to all my friends on TEN, don't have time
	      for names (I'm actually afraid I'd miss someone :)  )  You guys
	      know who you are.  I'm expecting some e-mail from you!
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
